profile/README.md, before:

![BYU logo](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/byuLogo.png?raw=true)

# BYU QA and DevOps `cs329`

![DevOps Cover](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/devopscover.jpg?raw=true)

_Image Generated with Bing AI_

## Welcome

This course provides you with the experience and skills necessary to deploy, manage, and ensure the quality of a modern software application. This includes automated testing at all levels, continuous integration and deployment pipelines, application monitoring, failure detection, alerting, and elastic application scaling.

The content for this course is represented by the following parts.

- 📅 [Schedule](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/schedule/schedule.md) - Lecture and assignment due dates
- 📘 [Instruction](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/instruction/modules.md#readme) - Modules and topics
- 🍕 [JWT Pizza](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/instruction/jwtPizza/jwtPizza.md) - QA and DevOps mastery target

Assignments and deliverables are submitted through [Canvas](https://byu.instructure.com)

## Acknowledgements

The instruction makes extensive use of [GitHub](https://github.com), [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/), and [Grafana](https://grafan.com). Without these tools the course would not be possible.

The authors drew considerably from content provided by [Google's Site Reliability Engineering](https://sre.google/) team, [Grafana Labs](https://grafana.com/tutorials/) tutorials, and the [AWS Developer Center](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/learning/). We express our sincere gratitude for the many hours of work to the individuals at these fine companies for their freely available efforts.

We truly stand on the shoulders of giants.

Commit message:

fix(overview) to include outcomes

profile/README.md, after:

![BYU logo](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/byuLogo.png?raw=true)

# BYU QA and DevOps `cs329`

![DevOps Cover](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/devopscover.jpg?raw=true)

_Image Generated with Bing AI_

## Welcome

This course provides you with the experience and skills necessary to deploy, manage, and ensure the quality of a modern software application. This includes automated testing at all levels, continuous integration and deployment pipelines, application monitoring, failure detection, alerting, and elastic application scaling.

The content for this course is represented by the following parts.

- [Overview](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/instruction/overview/overview.md)
- 📅 [Schedule](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/schedule/schedule.md) - Lecture and assignment due dates
- 📘 [Instruction](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/instruction/modules.md#readme) - Modules and topics
- 🍕 [JWT Pizza](https://github.com/devops329/devops/blob/main/instruction/jwtPizza/jwtPizza.md) - QA and DevOps mastery target
- Assignments and deliverables are submitted through [Canvas](https://byu.instructure.com)

## Outcomes

By the end of the course you can expect the following outcomes in your personal development.

- **Quality**: Implement comprehensive automated testing strategies, including unit, UI, E2E, performance, and load testing.
- **Deployment**: Deploy various automated CI/CD pipeline strategies to reliably deliver software that is resilient, scalable, and secure.
- **Management**: Monitor, detect anomalies, alter, and automatically correct system behavior.
- **Curious**: Characterize and address gaps in understanding related to DevOps techniques and principles.
- **Creative**: Discuss and generate alternate DevOps designs.
- **Collaborative**: Work as a team to discover DevOps design weaknesses.
- **Christlike**: Strive for gratitude for, inspiration in, and the ability to apply capabilities to, celestial pursuits.

## Acknowledgements

The instruction makes extensive use of [GitHub](https://github.com), [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/), and [Grafana](https://grafan.com). Without these tools the course would not be possible.

The authors drew considerably from content provided by [Google's Site Reliability Engineering](https://sre.google/) team, [Grafana Labs](https://grafana.com/tutorials/) tutorials, and the [AWS Developer Center](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/learning/). We express our sincere gratitude for the many hours of work to the individuals at these fine companies for their freely available efforts.

We truly stand on the shoulders of giants.
